So one of the things you mentioned is scale and products
at scale and I was wondering if you have some applications
that you find the most interesting that are really enabled by these things
that SageMaker makes available whether it's data management
or deploying to a huge number of customers
Yes. There are two ways we can think about scale.
Like one on the explosion of data that exists out there.
Now, if you think about social networks,
if you think about using devices that are
internet-connected that are generating a lot of data.
So mainly applications that can include chatbots,
that can include social networks.
Applications really have the massive opportunity to deal with a lot of data
and use that amount of data with
machine learning algorithms got help understand end-users better,
that help get to better decisions as far as potentially recommending products,
for example, to these end-users.
So we see a lot of applications in the world of the mobile development or Internet
of Things where large and large amounts
of data are passed through machine-learning algorithms.
We also see a lot of applications in sports analytics where you have NFL, for example,
using machine learning algorithms on platforms like SageMaker to transform the experience
that end-users have or consumers
have in front of their TV with the benefits of machine learning.
I didn't think about that.
Yeah. In Formula One, for example,
does live analytics and then uses machine learning models in the back-end
to do some early predictions and then pass that and
rebroadcast that experience back to the users on a TV.
So if you think about the stream of data that goes from the cars that are racing,
all the way up to the cloud and the expectation to pass the insights
in real-time or in near real-time back to the users that are watching the show,
it's pretty incredible the amount of data that
goes through the life cycle of machine learning.